# Deliverables #
Write your report as one github “markdown” file doc/a3.md (It will be part of the pull request described below)

1. The first line of your document should be the URL to the bugzilla bug entry you are working (make it easy for the reader to read the bug)
2. Diagnosis of your bug. Describe in English what the issue is, and what the benefit of fixing will bring. What risks are there, if any?
3. Propose a  solution. Describe in English what you’d do, and the step by step process you’d follow. The goal is to present your reasoning to the person who would be evaluating your patch.
4 .Testing document - A process (or description of a process) by which you’d evaluate the success of your work.  (See Note 1) How do you know your change addresses the bug?
5. Screen shots, if necessary, showing issue and the correct behaviour with your fix applied.

In separate text file, named doc/NNNN.patch (where NNNN is the bugzilla bug number).

1. The patch, correctly formatted (See Note 2)

Note on making life easier for your reader/TA.
If your patch file describes a change that is isolated, it may tell the story of what you have done. Especially if your patch file includes changes to a number of different files it is hard for a reader to see the context of your changes. In contrast, github pull requests are a terrific way to allow your reviewer to see your changes in context. It would be very effective if you pasted a link to a github PR (or github diff link) into your report.

----

## 1. URL: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1532933 ##
Bug 1532933
Enable ESLint for dom/xhr

## 2. Diagnosis of your bug: ##

ESLint for dom/xhr is currently ignored. We want to enable ESLint for dom/xhr as part
of rolling out ESLint across the tree. The benefit is that ESLint will be applied to all code in dom/xhr.

### Purpose of ESLint in mozilla ###

In order to help people write standard-compliant code from the start and avoid wasting time during code reviews, a set of ESLint configuration files have been added to the code base so that JavaScript can be analyzed automatically.
This automatic linting can happen either while coding, in a code editor, or when using the command line.

Taken from: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Developer_guide/ESLint 

## 3. Propose a  solution. ##

The steps are outlined in the first bugzilla bug entry comment by the Reporter.

### Comment ###
As part of rolling out ESLint across the tree, we should enable it for dom/xhr.

To help Mozilla out with this bug, here's the steps:

1. Comment here on the bug that you want to volunteer to help. I (or someone else) will assign it to you.
2. Download and build the Firefox source code, see the [docs for details](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Mozilla/Developer_guide/Build_Instructions/Simple_Firefox_build). An artifact build is all you need.
    * If you have any problems, please ask on [IRC](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Irc) in the #introduction channel. They're there to help you get started.
    * You can also read the [Developer Guide](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Mozilla/Developer_guide/Introduction), which has answers to most development questions.
3. Start working on this bug
    * Please note:
        * We want to end up with two separate commits. One with the automatic changes, the second with the manual changes.
        * Although you'll change .eslintignore at the start, only the second commit should have the .eslintignore changes. Please follow the suggested commands closely.
    * Here's what to do:
        1. In .eslintignore, remove the dom/xhr/** line.
        2. Run eslint `./mach eslint --fix dom/xhr`
            * This should fix some of the issues.
        3. Inspect the diff to make sure that the indentation of the lines surrounding the changes look ok.
        4. Create a commit of the work so far. Note the extra `dom\xhr`  at the end (this avoids committing .eslintignore at this stage)
            * `$ hg commit -m "Bug nnn - Enable ESLint for dom/xhr (automatic changes). r?Standard8" dom/xhr`
        5. For the remaining issues, you'll need to fix them by hand. To find them, run `./mach eslint dom/xhr`.
            * Most of those should be reasonably easy to understand, but there's more information on some specific bits (especially no-undef) [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Mozilla/Developer_guide/ESLint#Common_issues_and_how_to_solve_them) and [here](http://eslint.org/docs/rules/).
        6. Create a second commit of the manual changes, note, there's no directory specifier this time, so .eslintignore will be included.
            * `$ hg commit -m "Bug nnn - Enable ESLint for dom/xhr (manual changes). r?Standard8`
        7. Post the two commits via [phabricator](https://moz-conduit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/phabricator-user.html). **Please use** moz-phab to submit them.

4. Once the patches are submitted, I'll take a look. If there's any changes necessary I'll comment in Phabricator, so be prepared to update the patches. If there's no changes, I'll request review from a dom peer, so there may still be more to go.
5. Once we're happy with the changes, I'll push it to autoland - our integration branch. Your code will then soon be shipping to Firefox users worldwide!
6. Now you get to think about what kind of bug you'd like to work on next. Let me know what you're interested in and I can help you find your next contribution.

## 4. Testing document ##

The testing method is also included in section **3. Propose a  solution above.** 
In summary:
* Run `./mach eslint dom/xhr` to find any remaining errors.
* If there are no errors remaining it means the bug is fixed.
